[merge after dec 5th] adds new hard_deletes config (#6558)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/06-upgrading-to-v1.9.md

- Standard `schema` and `database` configs supported: Snapshots will now be consistent with other dbt resource types. You can specify where environment-aware snapshots should be stored.
- Warning for incorrect `updated_at` data type: To ensure data integrity, you'll see a warning if the `updated_at` field specified in the snapshot configuration is not the proper data type or timestamp.
- Set a custom current indicator for the value of `dbt_valid_to`: Use the [`dbt_valid_to_current` config](/reference/resource-configs/dbt_valid_to_current) to set a custom indicator for the value of `dbt_valid_to` in current snapshot records (like a future date). By default, this value is `NULL`. When configured, dbt will use the specified value instead of `NULL` for `dbt_valid_to` for current records in the snapshot table. 

> - Use the [`hard_deletes`](/reference/resource-configs/hard-deletes) configuration to track hard deletes by adding a new record when row become "deleted" in source. This config replaces the `invalidate_hard_deletes` to give you more control on how to handle deleted rows from the source. Supported fields are `ignore`, `invalidate`, and `new_record`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [`hard_deletes`](/reference/resource-configs/hard-deletes) configuration to get more control on how to handle deleted rows from the source. Supported methods are `ignore` (default), `invalidate` (replaces legacy `invalidate_hard_deletes=true`), and `new_record`. Setting  `hard_deletes='new_record'` allows you to track hard deletes by adding a new record when row becomes "deleted" in source. 
```

> - Use the [`hard_deletes`](/reference/resource-configs/hard-deletes) configuration to get more control on how to handle deleted rows from the source. Supported methods are `ignore` (default), `invalidate` (replaces legacy `invalidate_hard_deletes=true`), and `new_record`. Setting  `hard_deletes='new_record'` allows you to track hard deletes by adding a new record when row becomes "deleted" in source. 

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/6521 adds a "Snapshot configuration migration" section.

I think we should include a link to the "Snapshot configuration migration" section within the migration guide.

We don't need to do that within this PR, we could do it within another one (like https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/6521).
